{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Hi, I'm MarkD, and I met Gino back when Global Ride was in its prime, in the the 2009 / 2010 timeframe.  To be honest, time is fungible.  Global Ride was a cool fitness studio, making DVDs, doing yoga and Spinning (oops, Indoor Cycling. Spinning is a registered trademark of Mad Dogg Athletics, Inc, and may not be used by anybody under any circumstances), Pilates, Smoothies, and 
\f1\i more
\f0\i0 .\
\
A cool fitness studio that run "science" experiments on people.  He convinced us to strap on technology for use in these experiments. To breathe into weird devices. We did it, and we did it voluntarily!\
\
When you first meet Gino, it's easy to be fooled by the friendly, genuine exterior.  It's obvious that guy is smart, knows a lot about a lot of stuff, and is able to stay on task while leaving more tasks in his wake.  Gino has an intelligence. Almost an 
\f1\i inhuman
\f0\i0  intelligence.  I know he thinks on a plane different, sometimes incomprehensible, than most of us mere humans.\
\
For instance.  Who here remembers One Watt Per Pound?.  In the process of verifying "maintaining one watt per pound of bodyweight on a Kesier M3 Spin (er) Indoor Bike can deflect Arkanoid reflector beams",  Gino ran a climbing workshop for folks of... about my caliber conditioning.  He had us ride up and down a steep road called EDGECLIFF.  Not exactly a comforting name for us mere humans.  Kind of along the lines of "Fellow humans, would you join us for a calm weekend at Castle Murderdeath?"\
\
When I .. mentally travel back to that time, Gino did some amazing, really ahead of the time-curve kind of stuff.  \
  - Prior to the Cycling Fusion Training Center, we had the Spreadsheet from Hell that would calculate our Winter Training load points. I have no idea how that thing worked. It was like some kind of 
\f1\i alien
\f0\i0  technology.  Spreadsheets can do THIS?\
  - The cleared music service, for being able to re-use music in published Indoor Spinning Classes.  Peloton ended up leveraging such a service to the level of success it has now.\
  - Streaming Winter Training over the internet - at the time, there really wasn't Twitch, or YouTube streaming, or any of that stuff.  Streaming technology caught up with him about a decade later.  Peloton and Apple Fitness Plus now kind of own that territory.\
  - Live immersive video! We even dabbled with first person 3D graphics.  Zwift!\
  - Video clips that can be assembled by users and used for public performance.  Yes, Gino came up with TikTok, just ... 
\f1\i too early
\f0\i0 \
\
Come to think of it, it's pretty amazing that Gino's so consistently been ahead of the curve.  Almost as if he has some inside knowledge about what's going to happen.\
\
There's really only one explanation.\
\

\f1\i (j'accuse)
\f0\i0   Gino is a Time Lord.  Just... not a very good one.\
\
Thank you\
\
\pard\tx9360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
4:00 til 10:00\
The German Club\
857 Phineas St. Pittsburgh 15212\
\
30 mil, 30min\
leave at 3? 3:15?\
\
Down 28, Exit 1B (E Ohio St)\
R on Madison\
R on Phineas}